in a new leadership position. I really think it's important for that individual,
um, to just rest and to take a look around the 3 60 view
of what is going on and to not jump in and try to change everything
all at once, to maybe observe other individuals who have a leadership
style or potentially in a position that they would love to be in in
the future and emulate that come alongside. Those who have been there,
who have the experience, not be prideful, have an opportunity to
give yourself permission to make mistakes and to grow upon those.
But to really the first steps, I believe, is to not jump into anything.
And Thio, just sit and wait.